There is no other organization that compares to Jehovah's organization.
Everything the organization provides and helps with is free of charge.
But Jehovah invites all of us to give to him or contribute our material resources according to what we personally decide.
Now, why is this giving a matter of faith?
Could it be that we hold back because one,
we might fear that if we are generous, we might not have enough for our own needs.
To think this way is understandable.
Life is unpredictable and nobody knows what the future holds and what our material needs might be tomorrow.
Or could it be that we hold back too?
Because we feel that our personal contribution is so small and therefore insignificant.
Maybe we have very little material because we live in a poor country.
Or we struggle to cover our expenses for other reasons.
So we see that our giving really depends on how we connect this with Jehovah.
Our view of Jehovah, our friendship with Jehovah needs to influence our actions and this requires faith.
Therefore, let us briefly look at these two concerns that might impact our generosity and how faith can help us.
Now, the first concern was the uncertainty of our own future needs.
Please let us open our Bible to 1 Corinthians 16.
Here in our theme scripture, the Apostle Paul, provides a principle to follow when we consider donations.
This is 1 Corinthians 16 and we read verse 2.
On the first day of every week, each of you should set something aside according to his own means so that collections will not take place when I arrive.
So the Apostle Paul encouraged Christians to plan ahead to give.
In other words, Paul wanted them to consider their circumstances and to decide on a certain contribution amount.
Paul was convinced but this would not result in their lacking material necessities.
He himself had experienced the help from Jehovah and he knew that God would care for them.
Generous giving would further allow Jehovah to care for them in a generous way.
Do we now see how planning ahead is an expression of our faith?
When we do this, we are putting Jehovah to the test in a good way.
We want to experience how it feels when Jehovah sees us setting the right priorities and in turn becomes our protector and our rewarder.
Dear brothers and sisters, you are displaying this kind of faith.
Many of you set something aside so that you can contribute when you come to the Kingdom Hall.
Others consider their expenses and their financial means and they decide to regularly donate electronically.
Even when circumstances have not allowed you to donate the way you've done in the past,
you still find a way to give your contribution to Jehovah.
Jehovah promised to care for our needs.
Do we really believe that?
If we do, our faith will help us to give generously.
There was a second concern that might hold us back from giving generously.
We might consider our circumstances and feel that the contribution we can make is so small that it makes no difference.
Do you still have 1 Corinthians 16 verse 2 open?
What did we read there? Let us read it again.
1 Corinthians 16 verse 2.
On the first day of every week, each of you should set something aside according to his own means.
Did you notice Paul did not specify a certain minimum amount?
And later, he mentioned that Macedonian Christians, they were in the poverty yet they backed for the privilege of giving.
They were happy to give even beyond their means because they were giving to Jehovah.
Being poor meant that they individually could not give much and yet they understood that giving materially is an expression of our worship.
Many of you brothers and sisters are like those in Macedonia.
You have very little and yet we see your faith by contributing generously according to your circumstances.
No matter how small the amount might be.
You imitate our generous God, Jehovah.
And you experience what one sister described in a letter.
She wrote,
All these years I have been unable to give but small amounts of money at the kingdom hall.
Yet she continued,
Jehovah God has given me back much more than I have given.
Even our young children can learn to set something aside and give to Jehovah.
Here at Warwick, we occasionally receive notes and letters from these young ones who want to give to Jehovah.
And they tell us how they appreciate what the organization is doing, especially the videos.
This really touches our heart and we can only imagine how happy it must make Jehovah.
Jehovah loves us for giving the best that we have.
He values even our small contributions.
Even smaller nations do make a difference and are noticed by Jehovah.
He sees our faith in action.
In the following video, note what moved one couple to greater acts of generosity.
When a disaster struck in the north of the country, we immediately answered the call for help.
Seeing our brothers and sisters in need was heartbreaking.
But what really touched our heart was the spirit of the local brothers and sisters.
They were like the Macedonians. They didn't have much, but they gave generously from the heart.
When we got home, Madeline and I resolved to show the same kind of spirit.
First, our appreciation led us to review our contribution to the worldwide work.
I've come up with this figure. Is this right?
Yes.
That's just like Jehovah.
We looked for ways to be generous to those around us.
We discovered that we had the means to give more, so we didn't hold back.
And then our congregation was invited to help with a special preaching campaign.
I think we could do a bit more. Could we push ourselves a bit further?
I'd really like to.
It was within our power to help.
And that's exactly what we did.
I'm bringing too much.
Did you notice what role faith played in this couple's giving?
For example, they put their faith in Jehovah's promise to care for them in times of need.
And so, they set down and reconsider their ability to generously give.
Pray, hopefully, they decided on their contribution.
In line with our theme, they set something aside.
Additionally, they shared materially with their brothers and sisters, food items, and a nice meal.
They realized what a blessing it is to be used by Jehovah in caring for others, brothers and sisters.
We live in the most exciting time in history with never to be repeated opportunities to demonstrate our faith.
The Apostle Paul compared this with a large door that opened up.
Please think for a moment.
Has the door to activity opened for you to learn a new language?
Or does it look more like the door leads you to move to where the need is greater?
Did this symposium remind you of the door that is open for you to receive training at the school for Kingdom Evangelizers?
Or did it direct you to the door for assisting with a theoretical building project?
And maybe this concluding part has reminded all of us of our privilege of generously supporting the Kingdom work by making donations.
Even if they are small.
What door is open to you so that you are able to expand your ministry?
Don't feel bad if you hesitate to end up this is normal.
And yet please, do not delay entering unnecessarily.
Don't think you can always reach out later.
We all do not know what our life will be like tomorrow.
In other words, the door to wonderful blessings that is open today might be close tomorrow.
So be courageous and enter the door to activity in faith.
And like many of your brothers and sisters who already made these steps in the past, you will have no regrets.
Let us all demonstrate our faith by doing all that we can for our friend and God, Jehovah.
And we will enjoy a rich life now and will be blessed with an ending life in the future.